Diagram:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1DqaeXMvNj9TUBj2Zvc5caiU5DqApml_p?usp=sharing

What are firewalls for?

It is a network security system designed to prevent unauthorized access to or
From a private network. They can be implemented as hardware and software. Are used
especially to protect access to intranets. all incoming messages
or leave the intranet, pass through the firewall, who examines each message and blocks
those that do not meet the specific safety criteria.

Why is traffic served over HTTPS?

It serves because it allows all communications between your browser
and the website are encrypted. HTTPS is often used to protect transfers highly
confidential online, such as online banking and online order forms.
Web browsers also indicate a lock icon in the address bar to indicate
visually that an HTTPS connection is in effect.

What is monitoring used for?
The software monitoring will observe the metrics of the computer, record them and issue
An alert if something is unusual or that could cause the computer to not work properly.

How the monitoring tool is collecting data
By means of the register that it realizes sequentially when being active.

Explain what to do if you want to monitor the QPS of your web server
A monitor must be placed on the load balancer after the servers and before
of the App Server to monitor the requirements and their response

Why is SSL termination at the load balancer level a problem?
It would not be a problem, in fact it is good to have SSl in the load balancer to protect the information in the communication sections.

Why having a single MySQL server capable of accepting writes is a problem
Because not having a backup server if the maximum number of requests is exceeded, it would most likely fail to overload.

Why have servers with the same components (database, web server and server
of applications) could it be a problem?
Because it would be something less optimal. Both will have a large amount of consumption in resources such as RAM. Usually
This master configuration has the master server, while the slave servers serve as backup.